1. Login page styling must be good and use some backgrounds ✔
2. User logs must only show the 10 latest logs to avoid lags ✔
3. Use google's captcha for login to avoid DOS attacks ✔
4. All pages javascript must be stored in 1 main javascript for performance ✔
5. All pages CSS must be stored in 1 main CSS for performance ✔
6. Navigation links should show which one is the selected link based on what page url the user is currently in ✔
7. Make the PHP language for this project blazingly fast and use RAM for performance
8. Register this project's cloudflare SSL certificate and use cloudflare tunneling to host and expose this project
to the internet
9. after the current date has reached the delivery_time_estimation date, Deliveries must only show red colored date and show a text below the date saying "Hari Jam Menit yang lalu"
DO NOT UPDATE THE delivered_status to 1 and do not perform the auto-deliver fetch
10. Add a column called payment_date_estimation for payments table and payments must only show notification and warning
after the current date has reached the payment_date_estimation date also make the date red colored and show a text below the date saying "Hari Jam Menit yang lalu" ✔
11. after the current date has reached due_date, Invoices must show a red colored text below the date saying "Hari Jam Menit yang lalu"
12. Make a forgot password page where the user must enter email address and enter the code sent to the user's email address to change the password and username (optional)
13. Make a register page where the user can register accounts but after submitting the form instead of adding an account, the user must wait for the administrator to approve
the account and if the administrator approves it, then the user can login to the specified account if the administrator rejects the account then that account is deleted
14. (Optional) make notifications for each user with the role_id 1 and 3. Notifications contain everything below:
	Invoice and Payment paid prioritize 1
	Delivery delivered into location prioritize 2
	Incoming PO became an Open PO prioritize 3
	Investasi added prioritize 4
15. storage link location: The [C:\project\public\storage] link has been connected to [C:\project\storage\app/public]